editorial: Wallet is a defined term (#82)
openid/oid4vc-haip-sd-jwt-vc: draft-oid4vc-haip-sd-jwt-vc.md

# Terminology

> This specification uses the terms "Holder", "Issuer", "Verifier", and "Verifiable Credential" as defined in [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-sd-jwt-vc].
> In this document, the term "Holder" is also synonymous with "Wallet", indicating the entity that receives, stores, presents, and manages Verifiable Credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This specification uses the terms "Holder", "Issuer", "Verifier", "Wallet", and "Verifiable Credential" as defined in @!OIDF.OID4VCI] and [@!OIDF.OID4VP].
```

@tlodderstedt I am not sure why we originally pointed to sd-jwt vc for the terminology. all the terms we need are defined in oid4vc specs and I think we should reference there.

Assumptions made are the following:

* The issuers and verifiers cannot pre-discover Wallet’s capability

> * The issuer is talking to the Wallet supporting the features defined in this profile (via wallet invocation mechanism)

Author: ```suggestion
* The issuer is talking to the Wallet supporting the features defined in this profile (via Wallet invocation mechanism)
```
